and there are those who use football to make money as we have seen, there are those who believe that the
football can be an important means of promoting corporate images
we talk about the media but nu poc and impastata tried without success
get to gallipoli telexa barba and who today says he is ready to buy the
odds for a football kicker this morning there was a press conference
attended by the lawyer of the bitontian Indian poet we hear
view google we are not bragging the media group is a serious company you can
complain in the football world we have already made our proposal of
purchase dawn
these in summary concepts expressed this morning during a conference
press from the lawyer raffaele di monda the spokesperson of the bitontine holding company
as well as linking the meeting between the representatives of the leading company of the
security sector and the managing director salvatore matarrese would be
happened on October 10th while the TV said it would start 5 days later
salvatore matarrese in recent days has denied any kind of contact with lamellas
I love group and indeed if there had been extremes it would have taken steps to act
legal ways those who tell the truth while in these uncertain situations are
once the offer has been announced, the Bitonto blindness would be willing to pay 12
millions of euros to take over the shares held by the shareholders
another € 9 million to cover losses expected as of January 1, 2010
at the end of the championship the additional 13 million as total commitment to pay off
the residual debt for the purchase of players currently in force for a
total of 30 million euros the proposal to care for the world was presented
last 21st November and only 10 days were allowed to decide
in the case of a negative response, the meleam would target another water company
that football serves to promote the image of the company level
national in the event of a positive response lamela would be ready to take over in
corporate offices already from January and by December 31, 2009 will present a
five-year development plan that envisages congestion between lamellas
also the matarrese for the first 6 months but be careful as long as the bar remains in
series because if unfortunately the venture team had to go back and
package would return to the hands of matarrese so far there is not
was no reply from the family but we do not exclude that in
next hours salvatore matarrese clarifies his position
perfume
and we'll see back to yesterday's race but not to comment on the defeat
of the Roma variety you have already spoken enough
but to emphasize but to emphasize the great sportiness
engrande attachment to the team proved the 10 thousand fans
red and white, however, stained by the statements of the colleague
giampiero mughini who allowed himself to call the fans of Bari the bastards
see avers whistled francesco totti poisoned is like blaming them
red and white fans
not only Rome won at the Olympic
politicians have also won - white and red hearts that have followed the team
in an exemplary way
when the past there have been episodes of violence without ifs and buts
that we have just been born today it seems wise to take off our hat using one
happy expression of cantù it was free profess. for sin be it
returned home without a positive result
what a pity because the donation list evidently now the essence of fruit
topic
club and final star is just so enough just because the Bari have
whistled francesco totti at the time of his replacement
given that those boos were not Nazi-style
according to what the stadium list is forbidden to catch a footballer
opponent even if author of a hat-trick maybe we like a champion
to exorcise its hd force everywhere and no one is offended
we are curious instead of knowing if the finalist would have said the same things
if you had read there were the Juventus fans from Milan
something that maybe will fall down who knows how many times at home we give that a
tight apology comes around
at least the network that hosted it
moreover if in a television studio
it allows you to use this violent expression well it really is the beginning of the
end and maybe then in that same study we are scandalized by violence
in the stadiums the Bari fans are rightly furious and ask
justice
unsalted
to the red and white fans